>> Steve Kinney: So the first thing we
need to do is we need to create a user
to use these AWS services.
Now, you can go in and
sign up for an AWS account but
generally speaking just using that
account is considered bad practice.
Why?
Cuz that is your main account.
That is the account that controls
all your billing information.
It is the one source of truth for
all the things that you control.
If, for instance, those keys leak cuz you
accidentally push them up to GitHub or
somebody else accidentally leaks them,
that's problematic.
So what AWS recommends is creating a sub
user that you use most of the time.
For those of you who are familiar
with Unix, a lot of Unix machines,
including MacOS machines, have a root
user that we don't touch or use.
You have another administrative
account that uses it.
And you can use pseudo or another tool
to tap in to those administrative super
powers as root super powers later on,
but generally speaking with great power
comes great responsibility so
we tend to stay away from those.
So the first thing we're gonna do is
to simply get this out of the way.
We're gonna set up the sub user that we're
gonna be using for most of the time.
So if this is your very
first Amazon account,
we're going to create the sub user.
If you are familiar and you've used AWS
before, you may already have a user
that you use separate from your
root account, that's totally fine.
You can make an additional one just for
some of the tools that
we're gonna use today.
You can use that account as well.
But if you have a brand new AWS
account and this is your first time,
we do need to make one additional user.
So we'll flip over to the AWS console and
take a look at how to do that.
First step in the very beginning.
If you go to the Services tab, there
are a lot of tools that Amazon offers.
So you can see that by their categories,
ProTip is you also can hit A-Z if you're
just looking for something in particular.
You can see all the ones that
start with the word cloud for
instance, they're not related.
I'l pull it back here, normally I tend to
have a good sense for what I'm looking for
so I use the search box.
If we want to create users, we use this
things called IM which is identity and
access management just type in IM here and
click.
>> Steve Kinney: Cool, so
there are a few things to do to
kinda keep your account secure.
These days, if you have a brand new
account, they didn't provide you with
any root access keys because using
your root account is a bad idea.
If you have an older account, you might
actually have some root access keys.
You can go in here and
delete them cuz we're going to
create another user to use as well.
The other one is activating
multi factor authentication
is something that you
should absolutely do.
We're not gonna do it in this workshop,
but
it involves basically going through
using some kind of multi factor
authentication app, whether that's Authi,
Google Authenticator, so on and so forth.
The one that we care about is
Create individual IM users.
This allows you to create multiple users
with different levels of access to
your account.
You might have one that has administrator
access, that can do all sorts of things.
You might have another one that, for
instance, if you're using
continuous integration and
continuous development, you might have one
that has only access to the AWS services
that that user needs, that tool needs
to be able to do its job, right?
So the idea is like kinda
the principle of least access.
You wanna give everything just a bare
minimum of privilege that it needs.
So this allows you to
create many different users
with different levels of privilege.
Because there's a case where you could,
for instance, use your key for, again,
some kind of CI tool.
If they have a security breach, well, the
worst case scenario is it's only allowed
to upload like S3 or
change CloudFront configuration.
It doesn't have access to
your billing information or
the ability to spin up a whole bunch of
EC2 instances for Bitcoin mining, right?
You can at least limit
the scope of damage.
If it was your root account, well, that's
going to be a long and awkward phone call
with American Express later as you
try to rectify all of those charges.
So to create a new IM user,
we're just going to go to Users.
You can see that I have one
that I created earlier.
Again, if you have an account,
you can use that, otherwise you can go
to Add user and you give it a username.
This is any username you want, usually
something descriptive is very helpful.
As someone who has made plenty
of non-descriptive names,
the name that totally makes sense to you
now probably won't make any sense to you
in three months.
So generally speaking, if I'm using one
for Travis CI, I'll probably just call it
Travis CI so that if I do need to change
any of those permissions it's very easy.
So I had one called Mobile Hub
which I'll actually be using, but
I do wanna take you through
the process of creating a new one.
So we'll just call this one Administrator.
And you have these two check boxes,
one is programmatic access,
it's the ability to make API
calls from the command line tool.
Again using the CI example if you wanted
to push S3 if a bill passes on master,
you would use an API to do that, that all
happens with the programmatic access.
The other option is the AWS
management console.
This is the web user
interface that I'm using now.
So you can make different accounts,
some that can access it through the API or
the command line tool, others that
can use the web user interface.
If you're just using it
in some kind of program,
clearly you would only use
the programmatic access.
If it is one that people
are planning on logging in on.
And you might have one AWS account for you
but also the company you work with might
have an AWS account and
they might provision many users as well.
So depending on your use case,
there's a right choice.
If you don't know, guess what?
There's one additional choice, both.
So you can click both.
If we look at programmatic access,
you can see that's the only option.
If we click on AWS Management Console
Access, there's the ability for
an auto-generated password which
provide a custom password and
then prompt a new user to change
their password immediately.
If you're creating this account for
you, then you probably don't need
to change the password, right?
You've made the password.
But if you're creating the account for
somebody else on your team, well, they
don't want you to know their password, so
they would be prompted
immediately to change it.
Here's your one-time password to get
started, and then change your password.
You can provide a password,
so on and so forth.
For us, we actually already have
an account but we'll create a new one and
we'll actually give it both and
I'm gonna say custom password.
I'll just,
>> Steve Kinney: And
I don't need a new
password cuz it's just me.
The next is permissions.
What is this user allowed to do?
Now again, depending on the size
of the group you're working with,
if it's just you,
you can usually attach policies directly.
But if you're putting together a team,
you might have a group of
all engineers that work on such and
such product have this level of access,
while people in ops might have
a different level of access.
You can create groups and
put the users in there.
It all depends on what you're
trying to accomplish and
level of scale like this is
probably the right choice.
But for us, who are just getting stated
on kind of just using our own personal
account, we'll just
attach policies directly.
The other options is obviously copy
permissions from another user,
be like whatever Sherry has,
I want Claire to have.
So on and so forth, right?
Both of those are options.
If you find yourself doing that a lot,
you're probably better off making a group
cuz that's effectively what
you're doing at that point.
Cuz then you could also change
the permissions of that group and
then everyone in that group
will get the new permissions.
So we're just gonna attach the policies
directly for this user, and
there's a whole bunch of options.
You can see there's stuff as wide
ranging as administrator access, right?
Which is kind of pretty much everything,
not everything, but pretty close.
To Alexa for
Business Read Only Access, right?
A lot more specific.
This is not an account that
can go even changing things.
They can just read and pull down that
information in your application.
That might be something you're
writing an app that's going to pull
down this information.
You would give that app,
you create an IM user for that app and
give it that level to pull down.
For the mobile hub stuff
that we're gonna use today,
it's actually gonna touch
a whole bunch of different APIs.
So we're actually gonna give
it administrator access.
But you can actually go through all
of these in your copious free time,
pick the right choices.
You can actually create your own policies
as well if there is something that doesn't
actually match your exact needs.
So with that in place, we'll go to Review.
And so we can see the user name, it's
Administrator, providing programmatic and
console access.
We have a custom password that we're
not gonna require a password reset.
And the managed policy
is Administrator Access.
We'll go ahead and create that user.
A few things going on, not a lot.
You can see, here's our new user.
Send email might look like yeah,
I wanna get this secret access key and
access ID sent to me via email.
That's just basically an email saying,
guess what?
An account was made for you.
If you created it for
someone on your team, great.
On the other hand,
if you are just making it for
you, that email has nothing helpful.
You can also download a CSV of
all the users just created,
in this case one, that will have this
access key and this secret access key.
I recommend doing that, mostly cuz you can
hit show and see that secret access key.
But once you leave that page, if you
didn't download the credentials, that's
it, you can generate a new key but Amazon
is never gonna show you that key again.
That is the only time that
you are going to see it.
So if you don't own a CSV,
you can peek it open or whatever you want.
But again, that is effectively your
password, so it probably behooves
you to encrypt it or move it to a password
manager or something along those lines.
Very cool and so will close that up.
So now,
I have these two users that I can use,
they both at this point have
the same amount of access.
I'm going to be using
the MobileHub one today but
you could also have an administrator one.
There are cases again,
where you might create additional
users depending on your needs.
Don't think of a user as a human all the
time like in some case you are a human,
and you are going to need an account.
Think of the users also as this app
needs such and such permissions.
So that you can limit each app to just
the amount of access that it needs
and no more.
So if that app gets compromised or
those keys get make public by access,
cuz who among us hasn't accidentally
pushed keys to get hub in a public repo.
We've all done it.
[LAUGH] This way you can at least limit
the damage and just turn off that key cuz
it's also problematic like, let's say
your app becomes really popular and
you have a whole bunch of micro
services because it's 2018, why not?
And then all of a sudden you have
to go and change all of those keys.
I mean, you should be rotating
keys relatively frequently but
nobody wants to do it in a rush.
Nobody wants to panic, I have to change
a thousand different keys, right?
So this allows you to limit those things.
So it's per app.
So if one app gets compromised,
you can just change the keys for that app.
Again, so think about it both in terms
of users as well as applications.
Cool, so now, we have the users set up.
We're gonna be using a whole bunch
more Amazon Services today, but
this is the kind of raw material that we
can integrate from either our terminal or
to log in with to see stuff.
So if you're in your root account now,
what I'd like you
to do is to sign out,
>> Steve Kinney: And
sign back in with
the account you just made.
>> Steve Kinney: So If I go to IM,
>> Steve Kinney: Wait for
that page to load.
You have this URL up here.
This is a portal for
all your IM sub users.
So now instead of going to the main
page and switching, you can say, okay,
actually this account I
wanna be the sub user.
It's a lot easier just to kind of
have this whether you bookmark it or
save it somewhere.
If this is your very first account,
it's a bunch of just random numbers,
which is, good luck.
I mean if you are bookmarking it,
whatever, but you can
actually hit Customize and in this case
you can change it to a different alias.
I like this alias,
I'm going to keep it but
I am gonna take that,
>> Steve Kinney: And
I'll go over here and you can see
this is the kind of main account and
here is the mobile hub user I created.
I also created that administrator account,
either one will work, and
we'll sign in with this new sub user.
Effectively, once you have
created the root user,
created the sub user, lock it down
with a multi-factor authentication.
Do all that stuff, but basically
treat it as emergency access only.
Don't use it as your daily driver.
All right, very cool.
So now we're back in,
and you can see now I'm in this
MobileHub account @ the MainAccount.
That's normally what you wanna
be seeing in this case, cool.